Remove preview (#394)
aws-amplify/amplify-flutter: README.md

[![discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/308323056592486420?logo=discord)](https://discord.gg/jWVbPfC)

## Amplify Flutter

AWS Amplify provides a declarative and easy-to-use interface across different categories of cloud operations. Our default implementation works with Amazon Web Services (AWS), but AWS Amplify is designed to be open and pluggable for any custom backend or service. See [AWS Amplify](https://docs.amplify.aws) for further details about the Amplify Framework.

We are iterating and looking for feedback and collaboration, so please [**let us know your feedback**](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter/issues/5) on our direction and roadmap.

- [Getting Started Guide](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/setup/q/integration/flutter)
- [Example Application](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter/tree/master/example)
- [Roadmap/Provide Feedback](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter/issues/5)

> ⚠️ **For upcoming breaking changes please refer to this [issue](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter/issues/274) for migration details.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ **For breaking changes from the developer preview versions please refer to this [issue](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter/issues/274) for migration details.**
```
